Because FEMA's design files live on the cloud you don't have the conventional safe features that you'd
do in normal local files.
You can click on file and export here to export certain files but for the most part once the Enigma
file lives inside of your figure the instance and you have collaborators designing with you everything
is just saved instantly.
Now there may be time if you want to jump back inside of your history and find a certain way that you
may have styled something that you want to retain.
And that's where versioning control comes in with Sigma.
So we have this file here version control and to go into your version control just click on this little
arrow here right next to the file name and you can see the show version history.
So if I click on here you can see a few snapshots of time where I've designed this.
And you may not see the same version history and that's because once I click file export to export this
into the exercise files then it suppresses or hides all of these versions and you only get the latest
state.
These versions only pertain to after you load this into Sigma and you begin designing with it so very
easily I can click and see what this looks like a 12:26 PM or a 10:54 PM or December 17th for example.
So you can click in and see the progress here and if there's something that you like within this design
you can duplicate this instance.
So duplicate this file to show just this instance and you can copy and paste some things back and forth.
Or you can restore the file if you say this is the latest version that I like.
I don't like what I've done in the last hour.
You can change that and just restore this actual file to this version.
And then again you can see the current version here.
So that's versioning history and if you notice the notes down here you have a 30 day version history.
And if you want more than that you'll have to upgrade to the paid program once you're done checking
this out.
You can click back to editing and begin editing where you left off.